Fields docs (#1)
lucmantovani/sdk-js: README.md

---

`iFrame` | _boolean_, **OPTIONAL**

> Defines wheter the SDK should use MP Fields for `cardNumber`, `CVV`, `expirationYear` and `expirationMonth` or not. Check section [Fields](https://developers.mercadopago.com/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/receiving-payment-by-card) for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines wheter the SDK should use MP Fields for `cardNumber`, `CVV`, `expirationDate` or not. Check section [Fields](https://developers.mercadopago.com/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/receiving-payment-by-card) for more information
```

Reviewer: Les parece acá también simplificar con expirationDate?

Author: Me gusta la idea, pero aún no tenemos `expirationDate` en cardForm...
Voy a poner en el backlog del próximo sprint e luego hago el cambio

Author: Ajustado

|`id`|`string`|`<form>`|Form ID|**REQUIRED**|
|`cardholderName`|`cardFormMap`|`<input>`|Cardholder name HTML options|**REQUIRED**|
|`cardholderEmail`|`cardFormMap`|`<input>`|Cardholder Email HTML options|**OPTIONAL**|
|`cardNumber`|`cardFormMap`|`<input>`\|`<div>*`|Card number HTML options|**REQUIRED**|
|`cardExpirationMonth`|`cardFormMap`|`<input>` \| `<select>`\|`<div>*`|Card expiration month HTML options|**REQUIRED**|
|`cardExpirationYear`|`cardFormMap`|`<input>` \| `<select>`\|`<div>*`|Card expiration year HTML options|**REQUIRED**|
|`securityCode`|`cardFormMap`|`<input>`\|`<div>*`|CVV HTML options|**REQUIRED**|
|`installments`|`cardFormMap`|`<select>`|Installments HTML options|**REQUIRED**|
|`identificationType`|`cardFormMap`|`<select>`|Documentation type HTML options|**REQUIRED**|
|`identificationNumber`|`cardFormMap`|`<input>`|Documentation value HTML options|**REQUIRED**|
|`issuer`|`cardFormMap`|`<select>`|Issuer value HTML options|**REQUIRED**|

> \* Must be used when `iFrame` is `true`

Reviewer: No me gusta tener que aclarar acá y en los callbacks que muchas cosas son solo cuando iFrame: true.

Me parece mejor sacarlo, y mas abajo tener una sección antes de Fields module que explique una sola vez todaslas diferencias que hay en form options y en los callbacks cuando iFrame: true.

Author: Me gusta la idea de mover la explicación de las diferencias hasta el final.

Qué tal mover la descripción del parámetro "iframe" y explicar las diferencias en esa descripción?
Algo así:
```
(Otros params de cardForm)
...
`iframe` | _boolean_, **OPTIONAL**

Defines wheter the SDK should use MP Fields for `cardNumber`, `CVV`, `expirationMonth` and `expirationYear` or not.

If you opt to use `iframe`, you must change the HTML Element for `cardNumber`, `CVV`, `expirationMonth` and `expirationDate` to `div`, that will be used as the container for the iFrames. Also, there are two callbacks triggered only when using `iframe`. Check the table below for more information:

| Callback | Params | Description | |
|-|-|-|-|
|onReady||Callback triggered when every field is ready|**OPTIONAL**|
|onValidityChange|`event`: validityChangeEvent|Callback triggered when some field has its value changed|**OPTIONAL**|

Check section [Fields](https://developers.mercadopago.com/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-api/receiving-payment-by-card) for more information

**default value**: `false`

---

<br />

## CARDFORM HELPERS
...
```

(Si lo prefieres, puedo hacer el commit para ver cómo quedaría)

Author: Apliquei essa sugestão acima
O que acha @nicolassalvanes?
